[Console] Add docs for ConsoleSignalEvent (#15717)
symfony/symfony-docs: components/console/events.rst

    This event is also dispatched when an exception is thrown by the command.
    It is then dispatched just after the ``ConsoleEvents::ERROR`` event.
    The exit code received in this case is the exception code.
    

> .. _console-events-signal:

Reviewer: This line can be removed, there is no deeplink to this section right now

The ``ConsoleEvents::SIGNAL`` Event

> --------------------------------------

Reviewer: The underline should match the length of the headline

**Typical Purposes**: To perform some actions after the command execution was interrupted.

After the command has been interrupted, the ``ConsoleEvents::SIGNAL`` event is
dispatched. It can be used to do any actions
(to log or profile commands / to perform some cleanup tasks when quitting a command).

Listeners receive a
:class:`Symfony\\Component\\Console\\Event\\ConsoleSignalEvent` event::

    use Symfony\Component\Console\ConsoleEvents;
    use Symfony\Component\Console\Event\ConsoleSignalEvent;

    $dispatcher->addListener(ConsoleEvents::SIGNAL, function (ConsoleSignalEvent $event) {
       
        // gets the signal number
        $signal = $event->getHandlingSignal();
        
        if (\SIGINT === $signal) {
            echo "bye bye!";
        }
    });

.. versionadded:: 5.2

>     The ``ConsoleEvents::SIGNAL`` event was introduced in Symfony 5.2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The ``ConsoleSignalEvent`` class was introduced in Symfony 5.2.
```
